feat: include namespace as part of the config (#47)
koor-tech/data-control-center: docs/configuration.md

## Reference

> * `namespace`: The namespace the ceph cluster is running on. E.g. `'rook-ceph'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `namespace`: The namespace the Rook Ceph cluster is running in. In most cases, this is `rook-ceph`. Defaults to `rook-ceph`.
```
